the reading of history indicates that alcohol has been an issue with military
people since time immemorial and it is still a problem today
to some degree but it is the eve important part of the military experience
in my own take on of the history of of the military and it is
surprising to me that even though the people I knew in the military
drank proficiency amounts of liquor and beer and wine when they got
all the military went back to family life of very few of them had
any problems with alcohol so the word alcoholics per se but they resist
used to drinking a lot in the military so I think is there no more
problems with drink in the military than there are civilian life